Veho — Thames Distribution

 

 

Home

About Us

Brands

Customers

News

Contact

Customer Login

 

Established in 2005, Veho is a UK based manufacturer of lifestyle consumer electronics, selling worldwide in over 100 countries. Product design and development is carried out at their Headquarters in Southampton, England. 

 https://www.veho-world.com 

It all starts with a conversation.
 If you have a trade enquiry, get in touch with us today:

UK

 +44(0)118 976 7130 

 sales@thamesdistribution.com 

Introducing Veho, a UK based-manufacturer of lifestyle consumer electronics established in 2005 and now selling into over 100 countries across the world.

Veho is a great British success story with a worldwide presence. Their products are designed and developed at their UK Headquarters in Southampton (over 100 trademarks and patents registered to date) and marketed and sold around the world via offices in the UK, Denmark, Hong Kong and USA.

The Veho product range is divided into several main categories including Muvi™ handsfree cameras, Pebble™ power banks, Z-Series headphones, M-Series speakers, Kasa™ Bluetooth smart lighting, SAEM™ mobile accessories, HUT8™ performance PC products and the Cave™ smart home security/safety system.

Veho is continually looking to the future, and this desire to stay ahead of the curve when it comes to the latest consumer trends has been rewarded over the years with numerous product and company awards for innovation. With thousands of retail outlets around the world stocking their products and manufacturing/technology partnerships with Apple (MFI) and Google to name a few, Veho is one of the fastest growing CE brands in the world.

Veho is now available in the UK via Thames Distribution. Find out more by giving us a call.

Links

Home

About Us

Brands

Customers

News

Contact

Customer Login

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Brands

 Airthings 

 Arlo 

 Bold 

 Enabot 

 Energenie 

 Eufy Security 

 EZVIZ 

 Flic 

 Garmin 

 GeoSmartPro 

 HidrateSpark 

 Kami 

 Lightwave 

 Lutec 

 Mandoe 

 Miko 

 Nanoleaf 

 Netatmo 

 Nolii 

 Prêt à Pousser 

 SwitchBot 

 Tonies 

 Veho 

UK

+44 (0)118 
976 7130
 

 sales@thamesdistribution.com 

 Thames Distribution LTD

8 Horseshoe Park

Pangbourne

RG8 7JW

UK 

By continuing to use this website, you agree to our: 
 

 Terms of Use, 
 

 Privacy Policy